= fun_with_configurations : Your objects must be configurized!

Configuration and settings are the beating heart and dark, twisted soul of your operation.

Let's do some example code:

"""class Computer; end;

Computers.install_fwc_config do
  servers do
    hopeful_host do
      ip "192.168.0.25"
      services :mysql, :memcached, :email, :backup
      uptime `uptime`.strip
      config_script "/var/configurations/hopeful.conf"
    end

    squishy_host do
      ip "192.168.0.27"
      services :postresql, :couchdb
      uptime `uptime`.strip
      config_script "/var/configurations/squishy.conf"
    end
  end
  
  workstations do
    betty do
      ip "192.168.0.14"
      os "Ubuntu Linux 13.04"
    end
    
    veronica do
      ip "192.168.0.15"
      os "Solaris 10"
    end
  end
end

Computers.config.servers.hopeful_host.ip  # "192.168.0.25"
Computers.config.workstations.betty.ip    # "192.168.0.14"
Computers.config.try.servers.grumpy_host.ip.success?    # false  (doesn't have that configuration setting)
"""

You can also load from a hash:

"""@obj.install_fwc_config_from_hash({
  servers: {
    hopeful_host: {
      ip: "192.168.0.25",
      services :mysql, :memcached, :email, :backup
      
      ...  (and so on)
    }
  }
})

@obj.config.servers.hopeful_host.services    # [:mysql, :memcached, :email, :backup]
"""

Or from a yaml string:

"""@obj.install_fwc_config_from_yaml( YAML.load( File.read( "~/data/configs/circumstantial.yml" ) ) )
"""

The file should represent hashes of hashes.  Anything not a hash will be treated as a leaf setting (arrays, etc.).




== Contributing to fun_with_configurations

[Boilerplate from Jeweler.  Seems reasonable.]
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2013 Bryce Anderson. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

